Refine the deployment intro (#80)
tikv/website: content/docs/3.0/tasks/deploy/introduction.md

* 3+ nodes
* 4+ cores
* 8+ GB RAM, with no swap space.
* 200+ GB Optane, NVMe, or SSD drive
* 10 Gigabit ethernet (2x preferred)

The **suggested TiKV** specifications for production are:

* 3+ nodes
* 16+ cores
* 32+ GB RAM, with no swap space.
* 200+ GB Optane, NVMe, or SSD drive (Under 1.5 TB capacity is ideal in our tests)
* 10 Gigabit ethernet (2x preferred)

## Network requirements

TiKV deployments require **total connectivity of all services**. Each TiKV, PD, and client must be able to reach each all other and advertise the addresses of all other services to new services. This connectivity allows TiKV and PD to replicate and balance data resiliently across the entire deployment.

> If the hosts are not already able to reach each other, it is possible accomplish this through a Virtual Local Area Network (VLAN). Speak to your system administrator to explore your options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the hosts are not already able to reach each other, it is possible to accomplish this through a Virtual Local Area Network (VLAN). Speak to your system administrator to explore your options.
```

TiKV requires the following network port configuration to run. Based on the TiKV deployment in actual environments, the administrator can open relevant ports in the network side and host side.

| Component | Default Port | Protocol | Description |
| :--:| :--: | :--: | :-- |
| TiKV | 20160 | gRPC | Client (such as Query Layers) port. |
| TiKV | 20180 | Text | Status port, Prometheus metrics at  `/metrics`. |
| PD | 2379 | gRPC | The client port, for communication with clients. |
| PD | 2380 | gRPC | The server port, for communication with TiKV. |

{{< info >}}

> If you are deploying tools alongside TiKV you may need to open or configure other ports. Such as port 3000 on a Grafana service, so that it is accessible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are deploying tools alongside TiKV, you may need to open or configure other ports, so that they are accessible.  For example, port 3000 for a Grafana service,
```

{{< /info >}}

You can ensure your confguration is correct by creating echo servers on the ports/IPs by using `ncat` (from the `nmap` package): 

```bash
ncat -l $PORT -k -c 'xargs -n1 echo'
```

> Then from the other machines, verify the echo server is reachable with `curl $IP:$PORT`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, from other machines, verify that the echo server is reachable with `curl $IP:$PORT`.
```

Author: > Then, from other machines,

🤔 I'm not sure about this one. It creates a lot of pauses in the sentence. How about just the second change?

## Optional: Configure Monitoring

> TiKV can work with Prometheus and Grafana to provide a rich visual monitoring dashboard. This comes preconfigured if you use the [Ansible](../ansible) or [Docker Compose](../docker-compose) deployment methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TiKV can work with Prometheus and Grafana to provide a rich visual monitoring dashboard. This comes preconfigured if you use the [Ansible](../ansible) or [Docker Compose](../docker-compose) deployment method.
```

> We strongly recommend using an up to date version of Mozilla Firefox or Google Chrome when accessing Grafana.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We strongly recommend using an up-to-date version of Mozilla Firefox or Google Chrome when accessing Grafana.
```
